The original oranges from Southeast Asia were a tangerine-pomelo hybrid, and they were actually green. Oranges in warmer regions like Vietnam and Thailand stay green through maturity.
Sliced bread was first manufactured by machine and sold in the 1920s by the Chillicothe Baking Company in Missouri. It was the greatest thing since... unsliced bread?
Experiments in universities have actually been carried out to figure out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop. The results ranged from 252 to 411.
The Four Corners is the only spot in the US where you can stand in four states at once: Utah, Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico.
The heart of the blue whale, the largest animal on Earth, is five feet long and weighs 400 pounds. The whale in total weighs 40,000 pounds.
Flamingoes are only pink because of chemicals called carotenoids in the algae and fish (which also eat the algae) they eat; their feathers are grayish white when they are born.
The Earl of Sandwich, John Montagu, who lived in the 1700s, reportedly invented the sandwich so he wouldnt have to leave his gambling table to eat.
Bats are the only mammal that can actually fly. The wedding of Princess Diana and Prince Charles was watched by 750 million people worldwide in 1981; sadly, 2.5 billion watched her funeral in 1997.
All of an adult humans blood vessels, if laid out end to end, would be about 100,000 miles, so they could encircle the earth four times.
German chocolate cake doesnt come from Germany. It was named for a person, Sam German, who created a type of baking chocolate for bakers in 1852.
The different colors of Froot Loops cereal all taste the same-theyre not individual flavors.
The difference between jam and jelly is that jam is made with mashed up fruit while jelly is made with fruit juice.
The Empire State Building in New York was the tallest building in the world from 1931 until 1971, and was the first building of over 100 floors.
Our modern interpretation of Santa Claus with a red outfit and white beard is due in large part to holiday Coca-Cola ads that began in 1931.